Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english,Context / Alternate Text,german,latam,french,italian,japanese,koreana,polish,brazilian,russian,turkish,schinese,tchinese,spanish
animalCoyote,entityclasses,Entity,,,Coyote
animalDireWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,Alpha Wolf
animalMountainLion,entityclasses,Entity,,,Mountain Lion
animalSnake,entityclasses,Entity,,,Snake
animalWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,Wolf
animalZombieBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Bear
animalZombieVultureRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Zombie Vulture
junkTurretGun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Robotic Turret
junkTurretSledge,entityclasses,Entity,,,Robotic Sledge
legendaryZombieBusinessMan,entityclasses,Entity,,,Mutated Businessman
legendaryZombieLab,entityclasses,Entity,,,Mutated Scientist
legendaryZombieUtilityWorker,entityclasses,Entity,,,Mutated Utility Worker
zombieArleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Putrid Girl
zombieBikerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Zombie Biker
zombieBikerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Zombie Biker
zombieBoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Infected Survivor
zombieCheerleaderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Zombie Cheerleader
zombieDarlineRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Zombie Mom
zombieFemaleFatRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Hungry Zombie
zombieJanitor,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Janitor
zombieJanitorFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Zombie Janitor
zombieJanitorRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Zombie Janitor
zombieJoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Cadaver
zombieLab,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Scientist
zombieLabFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Zombie Scientist
zombieLabRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Zombie Scientist
zombieMarleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Woman
zombieMoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Bloated Walker
zombieNurseRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Nurse
zombieOldTimerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Zombie Cowboy
zombieScreamerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Screamer
zombieSkateboarderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Skater Zombie
zombieSnowFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Frozen Lumberjack
zombieSoldierRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Soldier
zombieSpiderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Spider Zombie
zombieSteveFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Corpse
zombieStripperRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Stripper
zombieUtilityWorkerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Utility Worker
zombieWightRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Wight
zombieYoRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Carcass
